FINANCIAL REPORT

Organization: Community Help Group
Project: Helping People Project
Period: sometime in 2025

SUMMARY

We did a lot of work this year and helped many people in the community. The project went well overall and we think we made a difference. We spent the money on various activities and things that were needed.

BUDGET AND SPENDING

We received some funding and used it for the project. The exact amounts are hard to remember but we think we spent most of it. Some money went to staff and some went to activities. We also bought some supplies and materials.

Personnel costs - we paid some staff members their salaries
Office expenses - we had some office costs
Travel - there was some travel involved
Activities - we did various activities in the field
Other costs - miscellaneous spending

We think we might have some money left over but we need to check. The receipts are somewhere in the office and we will try to find them.

ACTIVITIES

We did training sessions for community members. The training was about different topics and people attended. We also did some outreach and visited some villages. The communities were happy with our work.

We held meetings with stakeholders. Some government officials attended. We discussed things and made plans.

Some supplies were distributed to beneficiaries. We gave out items that people needed. The distribution went ok mostly.

CHALLENGES

There were some challenges during implementation. Things were difficult sometimes because of various reasons. The weather was bad at some point. Also transportation was an issue.

We had some staff turnover which affected things. Some activities were delayed but we managed to do them eventually.

FINANCIAL DETAILS

Total budget: not sure exactly, around some amount
Total spent: most of it probably
Balance: need to check

We don't have all the invoices organized yet. Some payments were made in cash and we are trying to reconcile. The bank statements should show some of the transactions.

Some expenses were higher than expected and others were lower. We adjusted as needed throughout the project.

We also had some exchange rate issues but it's hard to quantify the impact.

OUTCOMES

People benefited from the project. The community is better off now compared to before. We achieved some of our objectives though not all of them.

The exact number of beneficiaries is hard to pin down but it was quite a few people. Both men and women participated.

LESSONS LEARNED

We learned some things during implementation. Next time we would do some things differently. Communication could be improved. Also planning.

CONCLUSION

Overall the project was successful in our opinion. We would like to continue the work and request more funding. Thank you for the support.

Prepared by: Someone from the team
Date: 2025 sometime
